"AFRICAN CAPITAL
ON ITS OWN RIVER."
NAIROBI.
HEY, HON.
HOW'D IT GO?
WELL, WE BEAT THE BALLBARIANS
TWO GAMES TO ONE,
THOUGH WITH NO HELP
FROM ME.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I DON'T KNOW.
THE BALL FELT LIKE
IT WEIGHED ABOUT
100 POUNDS, AND...
AND THEN I STARTED
GETTING A SPLI'I'I'ING HEADACHE
AROUND THE FIFTH FRAME.
YOU DO LIKE A LITTLE
UNDER THE WEATHER.
LET ME GET YOU
SOMETHING.
WOMAN: WE'RE SUPPOSED TO DRIVE
TO RICHMOND THIS WEEKEND
TO VISIT YOUR MOTHER.
LORD HELP US
IF YOU GET HER SICK.
CLAYTON?
CLAYTON! AAH!
SIMMONS: I THINK
SOMETHING DIED IN HERE.
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
THIS THING WAS CLEANED?
WELL, LET'S JUST SAY
I WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED
IF YOU FOUND A LUNCH BAG
WITH HOOVER'S
INITIALS ON IT.
IS GARCIA STILL HEADING
TO CALIFORNIA TODAY?
JJ: YEAH.
HER MIND'S MADE UP.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
UH, GARCIA'S FLYING
TO SAN FRANCISCO
FOR A PAROLE HEARING
AT SAN QUENTIN.
WHEN SHE WAS 18,
HER MOM AND STEP-DAD
WERE KILLED
BY A DRUNK DRIVER.
OH, I DIDN'T KNOW.
THE DRIVER GOT 25 YEARS
FOR VEHICULAR HOMICIDE.
HE'S BEEN BEHIND BARS
FOR THE LAST 20.
SO SHE'S GOING TO GIVE
A VICTIM IMPACT STATEMENT
BEFORE THE BOARD?
NO. ONE OF HER
STEPBROTHERS IS.
NO, SHE'S NEVER GONE TO
ANY OF THE HEARINGS BEFORE.
HEY, I THOUGHT YOU'D BE
HALFWAY TO THE AIRPORT
BY NOW.
MY CHARIOT AWAITS.
AND BY CHARIOT,
I MEAN LYFI' DRIVER
NAMED CHUCK.
JUST LE'I'I'ING YOU KNOW
THAT THE TABLETS
AND THE FILES
ARE AT THE READY.
I JUST NEED YOU
TO PRESS PLAY ON THE BIP-BEE.
THE BIP
THAT'S WHAT I CALL
THE REMOTE, THE BIP-BEE.
AH, RIGHT. THANK YOU.
AND THANK YOU FOR
GIVING ME THE TIME OFF.
I KNOW IT'S REALLY BUSY
RIGHT NOW,
AND, YOU KNOW, BOY WONDER
OFF DOING HIS THINGAMAJIG.
REID'S MANDATORY
FBI-REQUIRED SABBATICAL.
YEAH. AND A SUPER ICKY CASE.
LISTEN, DON'T WORRY
ABOUT US.
I KNOW HOW IMPORTANT
THIS IS TO YOU
AND YOUR FAMILY.
CARLOS IS DETERMINED
THAT JESSE WILSON
SERVE OUT
HIS WHOLE SENTENCE.
CARLOS IS THE YOUNGEST
OF YOUR STEPBROTHERS?
YEAH. HE WAS 13
WHEN IT HAPPENED.
ARE YOU SURE YOU'RE
GONNA BE OK OUT THERE?
YEAH. I'M STAYING WITH
CARLOS AT THE HOUSE,
AND THEN I'LL BE WORKING
REMOTELY WITH YOU GUYS HERE,
MY FAMILY HERE.
ABOUT THAT,
IT'S NOT TOO LATE.
WE CAN GET A TEMP.
PISH POSH. I'M NOTHING
IF NOT THE QUEEN
OF MULTI-TASKING
IN THE KINGDOM
OF TAKING CARE
OF BUSINESS.
SURE.
OK, WELL,
HAVE A SAFE FLIGHT.
OK.
PRENTISS:
THE CDC NEEDS OUR HELP.
GARCIA WILL BE TAKING
SOME PERSONAL TIME,
BUT SHE WILL WORK HER MAGIC
FROM THE WEST COAST.
LAST NIGHT, CLAYTON OSBORNE,
45, OF ARLINGTON, VIRGINIA,
DIED AFTER SPONTANEOUSLY
BLEEDING OUT.
HE LOST NEARLY 50%
OF HIS TOTAL BLOOD VOLUME.
THIS COMES
JUST 24 HOURS
AFI'ER SERENA LOGAN, 35,
A LOAN OFFICER
AT A BANK,
ALSO DIED FROM
MASSIVE BLOOD LOSS.
WHAT COULD CAUSE ABNORMAL
BLEEDING LIKE THIS?
LEWIS: A VIRAL HEMORRHAGIC
FEVER, LIKE EBOLA,
OR PERHAPS EXPOSURE
TO SOME TYPE OF CHEMICAL.
WELL, IF THE CDC's
CALLING US,
THEY MUST SUSPECT
BIOTERRORISM.
THEY DIDN'T WANT
TO SPECULATE,
BUT WE CAN'T
RULE THAT OUT.
WELL, BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS
HAVE BEEN CALLED
THE POOR MAN'S ATOM BOMB.
I MEAN, THE UNSUB
COULD HAVE WEAPONIZED
SOME SORT OF VIRUS
OR BACTERIA OR TOXIN.
LEWIS: WHATEVER IT IS,
WE DON'T KNOW
IF THESE VICTIMS INHALED,
INGESTED, OR HANDLED IT.
ROSSI: BESIDES THE OBVIOUS,
I CAN SEE WHY
THE CDC IS NERVOUS.
LAST NIGHT'S VICTIM
WAS A CIVILIAN ANALYST
FOR THE DEFENSE
INTELLIGENCE AGENCY.
YEAH. THE D.I.A. ASSESSES
MILITARY INTELLIGENCE
INFORMATION
FOR THE JOINT CHIEFS,
THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE,
AND EVEN THE WHITE HOUSE.
JJ: WERE THESE TWO TARGETED
OR JUST RANDOM VICTIMS?
PRENTISS:
ALL WE KNOW IS WE HAVE
TWO HIGHLY UNUSUAL DEATHS
IN JUST TWO DAYS.
JJ, DAVE, THE CDC
IS SENDING A TEAM
FROM ITS EPIDEMIC
INTELLIGENCE SERVICE
TO THE OSBORNE HOUSE.
GO SEE WHAT
THEY CAN TELL US.
IN THE MEANTIME,
WE WILL BE
WORKING THIS CASE
FROM OUR OWN BACKYARD.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
ABC STUDIOS, LLC AND CBS, INC.
PRENTISS: "HOLDING ON TO ANGER
IS LIKE DRINKING POISON
AND EXPECTING
THE OTHER PERSON TO DIE."
ANONYMOUS.
LEWIS: OK, THE FIRST
VICTIM, SERENA LOGAN,
GOT DIVORCED, MOVED TO
VIRGINIA FROM FLORIDA
TWO YEARS AGO FOR A JOB
WITH SOUTH WAY BANK.
SIMMONS: SHE WAS ACTIVE
IN THE COMMUNITY,
VOLUNTEERED AT
A NUMBER OF CHARITIES.
SERENA WAS HIGH PROFILE,
BUT SHE LIVED
A LOW-RISK LIFESTYLE.
CLAYTON OSBORNE,
BORN AND RAISED
IN ARLINGTON.
HE AND HIS WIFE
BETH WERE MARRIED
FOR 19 YEARS.
THEY HAVE ONE SON
WHO'S A FRESHMAN
AT ROWAN UNIVERSITY
IN NEW JERSEY.
CLAYTON HAD THE HIGHEST
GOVERNMENT SECURITY
CLEARANCE AT THE D.I.A.
WE NEED TO FIND OUT
WHAT PROJECTS
HE WAS WORKING ON.
IT LOOKS LIKE THERE IS
SOME OVERLAP BETWEEN VICTIMS.
CLAYTON AND HIS WIFE
WERE CUSTOMERS
AT THE BANK BRANCH
WHERE SERENA WORKED.
IF SERENA AND CLAYTON MET,
IT'S POSSIBLE THEY COULD
HAVE BEEN HAVING AN AFFAIR.
WELL, IF THAT'S TRUE,
MAYBE THE WIFE FOUND OUT
AND TOOK MATTERS
INTO HER OWN HANDS.
PRENTISS: POISONING IS
TYPICALLY A FEMALE M.O.
BETH OSBORNE'S
BEING QUARANTIN ED
FOR OBSERVATION
IN THE HOSPITAL.
YEAH, IF IT ISN'T
A SCORNED WIFE,
IT COULD BE A VIOLENT
EX-HUSBAND.
I MEAN, SERENA AND HER EX,
UM, DAVID LOGAN,
THEY WENT THROUGH
A NASTY DIVORCE.
YEAH, SHE MOVED NORTH
RIGHT AFTER THAT.
AND LOOKEE HERE.
DAVID MOVED TO ARLINGTON
JUST LAST MONTH.
WELL, HE COULD HAVE
FOUND A WAY TO POISON
HIS EX AND CLAYTON.
PRENTISS: MATT, SEE IF YOU
CAN TRACK DOWN SERENA'S EX.
TARA, LUKE,
TALK TO THE M.E.
I'M GOING TO CALL
THE HOSPITAL.
WE NEED TO SPEAK
WITH BETH OSBORNE.
LET THEM THROUGH.
I'M SARA FREEMAN
WITH THE E.I.S.
AGENTS ROSSI AND JAREAU.
ANY IDEA WHAT
WE'RE DEALING WITH?
WELL, WE'RE TAKING
AIR SAMPLES,
BAGGING ALL FOOD
AND MEDICINE,
TOILETRIES,
CLEANING SUPPLIES.
JJ: COULD IT BE EBOLA?
SERENA LOGAN
AND CLAYTON OSBORNE
HAD ALL THE SYMPTOMS.
THEY DID. BUT THEIR
RISK WAS VIRTUALLY
NON-EXISTENT.
NEITHER OF THEM HAD
BEEN OUT OF THE COUNTRY
IN THE PAST YEAR.
WHAT ELSE WOULD CAUSE THAT?
WELL, THERE ARE
3 TYPES
OF BIOLOGICAL
WEAPONS.
FIRST THERE'S BACTERIA,
LIKE ANTHRAX,
SALMONELLA,
OR THE PLAGUE.
AND THEN THERE ARE
VIRUSES, LIKE EBOLA
AND SMALLPOX,
ALTHOUGH SMALLPOX ONLY
EXISTS IN LABORATORIES.
AND THEN FINALLY,
TOXINS, LIKE
BOTULINUM OR RICIN.
VIRULENT STRAINS
OF ALL 3 WEAPONS
COULD CAUSE MASSIVE
SICKNESS AND DEATH.
FREEMAN.
YOU HAVE
CONFIRMATION?
THAN KS.
TESTS WERE CONDUCTED
ON BLOOD SAMPLES
TAKEN FROM THE VICTIMS
AND MRS. OSBORNE.
THEY CAME BACK NEGATIVE.
MEANING IT'S NOT EBOLA.
WHOEVER'S DOING THIS
IS USING
A NON-CONTAGIOUS
WEAPON.
MAN: OFFICER FREEMAN,
YOU HAVE A SECOND?
EH, EXCUSE ME.
OVER HERE...
A NON-CONTAGIOUS WEAPON
THAT MAKES ITS VICTIMS
BLEED TO DEATH.
IT'S NOT ON MY RADAR.
MAYBE TARA OR LUKE
WILL GET LUCKY
WITH THE M.E.
C.O.D. FOR BOTH VICTIMS
WAS MULTIPLE ORGAN FAILURE
CAUSED BY CATASTROPHIC
INTERNAL BLEEDING.
MY EXAM SHOWED
THEY BOTH CONSUMED
SOME TYPE OF ANTICOAGULANT.
LEWIS:
WERE EITHER OF THEM
ON BLOOD THINNERS?
WEISS: NOT MS. LOGAN,
BUT MR. OSBORNE
WAS ON A DAILY
ASPIRIN REGIME.
UNLESS THERE'S
AN UNDERLYING
MEDICAL ISSUE,
BABY ASPIRIN
WOULDN'T CAUSE
THIS KIND OF
MASSIVE BLOOD LOSS.
WEISS: NO, IT WOULD NOT.
OTHER THAN
IN MEDICINES,
ANTICOAGULANTS ARE FOUND
IN RODENTICIDES.
COULDN'T ONE OF THOSE
HAVE DONE THIS?
NOT COULD. IT DID.
RAT POISON.
IT WAS AMONG
THEIR STOMACH CONTENTS.
CONSUMING RAT POISON
WOULD BE AN EXTREMELY
PAINFUL WAY TO DIE.
OUR UNSUB WANTS
HIS VICTIMS TO SUFFER.
I'M GOING TO TEXT GARCIA,
SEE IF SHE CAN CHECK SALES
OF IT IN THE AREA.
HOW FAST-ACTING
IS RAT POISON?
MOST TODAY
CONTAIN SO-CALLED
SUPER-WARFARINS.
SUPER ANTICOAGULANTS,
IF YOU WILL.
WITHOUT TREATMENT,
THE WINDOW OF DEATH
CAN VARY FROM A FEW DAYS
TO JUST A FEW HOURS.
BETH: THERE WAS
BLOOD EVERYWHERE.
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
MRS. OSBORNE,
DID YOUR HUSBAND
HAVE AN ARGUMENT
WITH ANYONE RECENTLY?
ANY ENEMIES?
FOR THE PAST 5 YEARS,
CLAYTON WALKED AROUND
WITH A HAIRCUT HE HATED.
HE DIDN'T WANT TO BE
DISLOYAL OR UPSET HIS BARBER
BY SWITCHING TO A NEW ONE.
DID HE EVER TALK
ABOUT THE PROJECTS
HE WAS WORKING ON
FOR THE D.I.A.?
HE DIDN'T SAY MUCH.
HE COULDN'T, REALLY,
SINCE MOST OF IT
WAS TOP-SECRET, BUT...
BUT THAT WAS CLAY.
HE WAS THE MOST HONEST
AND ETHICAL MAN
YOU WOULD EVER MEET.
DID HE EVER MENTION
ANY UNUSUAL
OR UNETHICAL
ACTIVITY GOING ON?
NO. DOES THE FBI THINK
HIS WORK HAD SOMETHING
TO DO WITH IT?
WE NEED TO CHECK
EVERYTHING.
LIKE HIS DAILY ROUTINE.
DID HE HAVE ONE?
EVERY WEEKDAY MORNING,
HE'D EAT BREAKFAST
AT A CAFE BY OUR HOME.
HE'D WORK FROM 8:00 TO 6:00,
THEN HOME FOR DINNER AT 6:30.
EXCEPT TUESDAYS,
HIS BOWLING NIGHT.
DOES THE NAME SERENA LOGAN
MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU?
SERENA LOGAN.
I'M SORRY. SHOULD IT?
NO.
I'M SORRY. I HAVE TO MEET
OUR SON KEVIN.
HE'S DRIVING DOWN
FROM SCHOOL.
OF COURSE.
HOW DO I EXPLAIN IT?
HOW DO I EXPLAIN WHAT
HAPPENED TO HIS FATHER?
WHY WOULD SOMEONE
DO THIS TO HIM?
WE'RE GONNA FIND OUT.
HEY, THANKS FOR PICKING
ME UP AT THE AIRPORT.
ANYTHING FOR
MY FAVORITE SISTER.
OH, THAT IS VERY SWEET.
I'M ALSO YOUR ONLY
SISTER.
HA HA! YEP.
OH, I SAW THAT THE BOWMANS
PAINTED THEIR HOUSE
DOWN THE STREET.
I--I LOVED THAT LIME GREEN,
BUT IT DOES LOOK NICE.
THE BOWMANS MOVED.
THERE'S A YOUNG COUPLE
WITH THEIR BABY
IN THERE RIGHT NOW.
THEY MOVED?
WHERE'D THEY MOVE?
ASSISTED LIVING,
PROBABLY.
THE BOWMANS WERE LIKE
A THOUSAND YEARS OLD
WHEN ME AND YOU
WERE KIDS.
YEAH, YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO COME BACK MORE OFTEN
IF YOU WANT TO KEEP UP.
I KNOW. I'M SORRY.
I'M KIDDING.
LOOK, YOU'RE BUSY,
AND YOU HAVE
A SUPER COOL
AND IMPORTANT JOB,
AND I GET IT.
IT IS KIND OF MAGNIFICENT.
YEAH, AND EVERYBODY'S
REALLY PROUD OF YOU.
I KNOW MOM AND DAD
WOULD BE, TOO.
IF ONLY THEY COULD
SEE YOU NOW.
ARE YOU STILL
INSTALLING POOLS?
NAH. I OPENED UP
MY OWN BUSINESS.
"CARLOS GARCIA,
PROFESSIONAL HOUSE PAINTER."
THE BOWMANS?
YOU SAID IT LOOKED NICE.
IT DOES LOOK NICE!
IT DOES LOOK NICE,
RIGHT?
OHH!
SO GLAD YOU CAME, SIS.
YEAH. WE CAN'T LET
THAT SON OF A BITCH
GET OUT OF PRISON EARLY.
YEAH. RIGHT.
I'M GONNA TAKE THESE UP
FOR YOU.
OH, HEY. THANK YOU
FOR THE FLOWERS.
I NEVER REMEMBER
TO DO THAT.
FLOWERS?
THE TULIPS
AT THE CEMETERY.
I ALWAYS VISIT
MOM AND DAD'S GRAVE
ON THE ANNIVERSARY
OF THEIR PASSING,
AND, UM, WITHOUT FAIL
EVERY YEAR,
YOUR FLOWERS ARE THERE.
CARLOS, I DON'T--
AH, IT'S WORK.
IT'S OK.
GARCIA READY,
WILLING, AND ABLE.
HEY. IT'S JJ AND LUKE.
HOW WAS YOUR FLIGHT?
IT WAS GREAT. IT WAS SMOOTH.
THEY GAVE US COOKIES.
IT'S HOW I WISH
THE WORLD WAS.
GARCIA, DID YOU GET MY TEXT
ABOUT RODENTICIDE SALES?
YES. I DID SOME DIGITAL
DIGGING FROM 38,000 FEET.
IT IS AMAZING
WHAT A HOT-TICKET ITEM
RAT POISON IS.
BUT WITHOUT
ANY MORE PARAMETERS,
NOTHING ELSE
IS STANDING OUT.
OK. THAN KS.
OH, UH, HEY,
HOLD ON A SEC.
HEY. ANY BIG PLANS
TONIGHT?
YEAH. I'M GONNA GO TO DINNER
WITH MY STEPBROTHERS
ON THE EMBARCADERO.
OH, THAT SOUNDS FUN.
LOOK, WE'RE ALL
THINKING OF YOU, OK?
IF YOU NEED
ANYTHING...
YEAH, I KNOW. THANK YOU.
OK. OH, AND, OF COURSE,
WE WILL CALL YOU
IF WE NEED MORE DIGGING.
ALL RIGHT. MY SHOVEL
IS YOUR SHOVEL.
BYE.
SERIOUSLY? YOU GUYS
ARE PROVING MY THEORY
THAT YOU CANNOT LIVE
WITHOUT ME.
WHO IS THIS?
NO, WE HAVE NOTHING
TO TALK ABOUT.
DO NOT CALL
THIS NUMBER EVER AGAIN.
WELL, WE CAN CROSS SERENA'S
EX OFF OUR SUSPECT LIST.
HIS ALIBI CHECKS OUT.
PRENTISS:
GUYS, MY GUT IS TELLING ME
THIS IS NOT BIOTERRORISM
BEING CONDUCTED
BY AN ORGANIZED GROUP.
THE USE OF RAT POISON IS
JUST TOO LOW TECH FOR THEM.
WELL, TERRORISTS OFTEN USE
LOW-TECH METHODS--
I MEAN, LIKE DRIVING
TRUCKS INTO CROWDS.
TRUE, BUT THEIR GOAL
IS TO TARGET
AS MANY PEOPLE AS THEY
CAN WITH ONE ACTION.
PLUS, NO GROUP HAS
CLAIMED CREDIT FOR THIS,
AND WE ALL KNOW HOW
TERRORISTS LOVE TO BE
ON THE WORLD'S STAGE.
WELL, THIS UNSUB'S
EITHER UNSOPHISTICATED
OR HE KNOWS HE CAN BUY
RAT POISON ANYWHERE.
EITHER WAY, SOMETHING
MUST HAVE TRIGGERED HIM
TO START USING IT NOW.
PRENTISS:
OK, UNTIL WE KNOW WHAT,
LET'S LOOK AT WHY
HE'S USING IT.
LIKE YOU SAID,
IT'S EASY TO GET,
AND IT CAN BE
CONTROLLED.
ALVEZ: YOU CAN CONCEAL
IT IN A LOT OF THINGS,
AND IT OFTEN TASTES
SWEET IN ORDER TO
ATTRACT THE RATS.
SIMMONS: IT ALSO PROVIDES
A NON-PROXIMITY KILLING,
WHICH MEANS HE COULD BE
SOCIALLY AWKWARD,
UNABLE TO CONFRONT
HIS VICTIMS.
YOU KNOW,
THE WINDOW OF DEATH
MIGHT BE INFLUENCING
HIS CHOICE, TOO.
I MEAN, THE LONGER
THAT IT TAKES
FOR HIS VICTIMS TO DIE,
THE LONGER THEY SUFFER.
THIS SADISTIC ELEMENT
LEANS TOWARDS THE UNSUB
BEING A MALE.
YEAH, BUT WOULDN'T A SADIST
WANT TO WITNESS
THE SUFFERING HE'S CAUSING?
HE HAS NO WAY OF KNOWING
EXACTLY WHEN OR WHERE
HIS VICTIMS FALL ILL,
SO HE'S PROBABLY JUST
GETTING OFF
KNOWING THAT THEY ARE.
AND BEING A SADIST,
HE'S NOT GONNA STOP
AFTER TWO VICTIMS.
WITH EACH ONE, HE'S GAINING
CONFIDENCE, SATISFACTION.
HIS EGO NEEDS TO BE FED,
WHICH MEANS HE WILL
NEED TO INCREASE HIS
BODY COUNT AND SOON.
HELLO, EVERYONE.
I'M PAM CHAPMAN.
AND I AM SO PLEASED
TO WELCOME YOU ALL
HERE TODAY.
OUR MISSION AT THE ARLINGTON
BUSINESS LEAGUE IS SIMPLE:
TO HELP YOUR BUSINESSES
SUCCEED AND THRIVE.
TOGETHER WE CAN STRENGTHEN
NOT ONLY YOUR BOTTOM LINE
BUT THE ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT
FOR ALL THOSE WHO LIVE
AND WORK IN OUR CITY.
NOW, PLEASE, HELP YOURSELF
TO SOME FOOD,
GET THOSE BUSINESS CARDS OUT,
AND HAVE FUN.
KILLING WITH POISON
REQUIRES PREMEDITATION.
IT USUALLY INVOLVES
SOME TYPE OF RUSE.
WELL, THE UNSUB MUST HAVE
STALKED SERENA AND CLAYTON
TO LEARN THEIR ROUTINES.
BUT HOW DID HE PICK THEM
IN THE FIRST PLACE, AND WHY?
HE MUST HAVE A KILL LIST
THAT MAKES SENSE TO HIM.
BUT SINCE WE KNOW
THE VICTIMS WERE
SOMEHOW FED RAT POISON,
WE NEED TO TRACK
EVERYTHING
THEY ATE OR DRANK
IN THEIR LAST DAYS.
WHERE THEY ATE IT,
WHO SERVED THEM.
IT'S GONNA TAKE SOME TIME.
LET'S GET ON IT.
YEAH.
WELL, IF YOU'RE HAVING
PERMIT PROBLEMS,
YOU SHOULD REALLY TALK
TO BILL PACKER
DOWN AT THE ZONING BOARD.
TELL HIM I TOLD YOU
TO CALL.
AAH!
OH, MY GOD!
OHH!
MS. CHAPMAN, WE'LL NEED
THE RSVP LIST
AND THE NAMES
OF ALL YOUR STAFF
WORKING THE EVENT.
OF COURSE. WALK-INS
ARE WELCOME, TOO.
THEY'RE SUPPOSED
TO SIGN IN.
DID YOU HAPPEN TO NOTICE
ANYONE WHO LOOKED
SUSPICIOUS
OR MAYBE DIDN'T BELONG?
NO. NO, EVERYONE SEEMED
TO BE HAVING A GOOD TIME.
WHERE DID THE FOOD
COME FROM?
WE PICK A DIFFERENT
RESTAURANT EACH TIME
TO SUPPORT
OUR LOCAL MERCHANTS.
SIMMONS:
WHAT ABOUT TONIGHT?
IT WAS A NEW PLACE.
JUST OPENED.
I WAS TALKING
TO THE OWNER...
I'M SORRY.
ROSSI: WE UNDERSTAND.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME.
THE UNSUB WOULD HAVE
NEEDED ACCESS TO THE FOOD
AND THE PUNCH.
HE MIGHT WORK
FOR THE CATERER,
OR HE COULD HAVE POSED
AS A SERVER.
HE COULD HAVE BEEN
A WALK-IN
OR ONE OF THE SURVIVING
ATTENDEES.
IT'D BE RISKY BEHAVIOR
TO POISON OUT IN THE OPEN
WITH SO MANY
POTENTIAL WITNESSES.
HE COULDN'T HAVE PREDICT ED
WHICH ONE OF THE MEMBERS
WAS GOING TO CONSUME
WHAT HE POISONED.
SO HIS VICTIMS WENT
FROM TARGETED
TO RANDOM OR VICTIMS
OF OPPORTUNITY.
MAYBE IT'S NOT
THE VICTIMS THEMSELVES...
BUT WHAT THEY REPRESENT.
THE UNSUB WE'RE LOOKING
FOR IS HOPING TO INFLICT
AS MUCH FEAR AND DAMAGE
AS POSSIBLE
IN ARLINGTON'S BUSINESS
COMMUNITY.
TH ESE VICTIMS
AND THEIR BUSINESSES
SYM BOLIZE WEALTH,
SUCCESS, GROWTH,
AND DEVELOPMENT--
ALL THINGS HE MAY FEEL
ARE OUT OF HIS REACH.
LEWIS: HE DERIVES PLEASURE
IN KNOWING THAT HIS VICTIMS
ARE EXPERIENCING
A CRUEL AND PAINFUL DEATH
AND THAT HIS CRIMES MAY
CREATE WIDESPREAD PANIC.
WE CALL THIS RIPPLE
EFFECT TERRORISM,
AND EXAMPLES OF IT
WOULD BE THE TYLENOL
TAMPERING CASE
IN THE EIGHTIES
OR THE ANTHRAX-LACED
LETTERS POST 9/11.
JJ: THOSE WHO POISON TEND
TO BE NON-CONFRONTATIONAL,
BOTTLING UP INSIDE WHAT
THEY DEEM TO BE INJUSTICES.
THEY USE THESE
IMAGINED SLIGHTS
AS JUSTIFICATION
TO HARM THEIR VICTIMS.
LACKING EMPATHY WITH
AN EXAGGERATED SENSE
OF ENTITLEMENT,
A POISONER CARES ONLY
ABOUT THEIR OWN WANTS
OR NEEDS,
WHICH WOULD EXPLAIN
THE INDIFFERENT
AND HEARTLESS NATURE
OF THESE CRIMES.
POISONERS BELIEVE
THEIR CALCULATED PLANS,
THEIR CLEVERNESS
ALLOW THEM TO KILL
AND WALK AWAY.
SO FAR, HE'S BEEN
ABLE TO DO THAT.
ALVEZ: THE UNSUB USES
FOOD AS A METHOD
TO MASK THE RAT POISONING.
HE MIGHT BE COMFORTABLE
DOING THIS
BECAUSE HE WORKS
IN THE FOOD INDUSTRY.
THERE'S NO INDICATION
HE'LL STOP,
AND HIS NEXT TARGET
COULD BE EVEN LARGER.
A FOOD FESTIVAL,
A SUPERMARKET,
A SCHOOL CAFETERIA.
JJ: WE'LL BE ISSUING
A RELEASE TO THE MEDIA
URGING ALL EATERIES
AND BARS
TO CLOSELY MONITOR
THEIR FOOD.
CUSTOMERS WILL BE REMINDED
NOT TO LEAVE THEIR FOOD
OR DRINKS UNATTENDED
OR CONSUME ANYTHING
THEY'RE UNSURE ABOUT.
AND THE ANTIDOTE TO
RAT POISON IS PHYTONADIONE,
BUT IT NEEDS TO BE
ADMINISTERED IMMEDIATELY
BY MEDICAL PERSONNEL.
PRENTISS: AS A PRECAUTIONARY
MEASURE, ALL AREA HOSPITALS
CLINICS, AND EMTs
SHOULD MAKE SURE TO HAVE
AMPLE SUPPLIES ON HAND.
THANK YOU, ALL.
WOMAN:
BYE, PENELOPE.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
NOTHING.
UH, NOTHING, CARLOS.
GO BACK TO BED.
YES?
ARE YOU PENELOPE GARCIA?
COLETTE?
MIND IF I SIT?
I WAS SURPRISED
YOU CALLED BACK
AND WANTED TO MEET.
YOU SAID WE DIDN'T
HAVE ANYTHING
TO TALK ABOUT.
YEAH, I DID.
AND THEN I CALLED
SAINT PAUL'S CEMETERY,
AND THEY TOLD ME THAT
YOU'VE BEEN SENDING FLOWERS
TO MY PARENTS' GRAVE
ALL THESE YEARS.
IT'S NOT FROM ME.
THEY'RE FROM
MY BROTHER JESSE.
WHAT?
HE CAN'T DO IT,
SO I HANDLE IT FOR HIM.
HE PAYS FOR THEM
WITH THE MONEY
HE EARNS IN PRISON.
WHY IS HE DOING THAT?
JESSE'S SORRY
FOR WHAT HE DID.
HE DIDN'T MEAN TO
KILL YOUR PARENTS.
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
NO. THAT'S NOT WHAT
AN ACCIDENT IS.
HE CHOSE TO DRINK,
AND THEN HE CHOSE TO DRIVE,
AND HE CHANGED
MY LIFE FOREVER.
HE WAS JUST A KID.
HE WAS ONLY 18.
YEAH, I WAS ONLY 18, TOO.
DIDN'T YOU EVER
DO ANYTHING STUPID
WHEN YOU WERE YOUNGER?
LIKE MAKE A BAD DECISION
OR TAKE A DUMB RISK
THAT YOU
LATER REGRETTED?
ALL I ASK IS THAT
YOU TALK TO JESSE
BEFORE YOU PASS
JUDGMENT.
PLEASE, CAN YOU FIND
IT IN YOUR HEART
TO FORGIVE HIM?
WON'T YOU GIVE JESSE
A CHANCE TO START
HIS LIFE AGAIN?
WHEN ARE MY PARENTS
GOING TO BE ABLE TO
START THEIR LIVES AGAIN?
SO EVERYONE CONNECTED
TO THE BUSINESS LEAGUE
EVENT CHECKS OUT.
WE ARE BACK IN THE SHALLOW
END OF OUR SUSPECT POOL,
SO WHY ATTACK
LOCAL BUSINESSES?
WELL, 30% OF ALL
BUSINESSES FAIL
WITHIN THE FIRST
TWO YEARS,
AND MAYBE THE UNSUB
WAS STRUGGLING
TO STAY AFLOAT
OR HAD A NEW BUSINESS
THAT WENT BELLY UP.
ON THE FLIPSIDE,
HE COULD HAVE
AN OLDER BUSINESS,
ONE THAT'S BEEN AROUND
FOR YEARS.
HE MAY FEEL
HE'S BEING PUSHED OUT
BY THE NEW KIDS
ON THE BLOCK.
WELL, KILLING HIS RIVALS
MAY BE A MISGUIDED
ATTEMPT AT REVENGE.
WORKING IN A COMMERCIAL
LOAN DEPARTMENT,
PART OF SERENA LOGAN'S JOB
WOULD BE TO FIND AND ATTRACT
NEW BUSINESSES TO THE AREA.
YEAH. WHAT IF THE UNSUB
APPLIED FOR A NEW LOAN
OR TRIED TO REFINANCE
AN EXISTING ONE,
AND SERENA TURNED DOWN
HIS APPLICATION?
SIMMONS:
HIS ANGER AT BEING DENIED
COULD BE WHY HE TARGETED HER
AND OTHER BUSINESS
LEAGUE MEMBERS.
I'LL HEAD TO SERENA'S BANK.
I'LL TALK TO HER MANAGER,
SEE WHAT I CAN FIND OUT.
WE'LL NEED A LIST
OF HER CLIENTS
AND ALL THE LOANS
SHE APPROVED OR REJECT ED
OVER THE PAST 6 MONTHS.
WHAT IS IT, DAVE?
THE LOAN ANGLE COULD EXPLAIN
WHY SERENA WAS KILLED,
BUT THERE'S STILL THE
QUESTION OF CLAYTON OSBORNE.
YEAH. HOW DOES
AN ANALYST IN FOREIGN
MILITARY INTELLIGENCE
FIT INTO ALL THIS?
THERE'S GOT TO BE
SOMETHING ABOUT THIS GUY
THAT WE'RE MISSING.
IN THE MEANTIME,
THE RIPPLE EFFECT
WILL DICTATE
THE UNSUB'S NEXT MOVE.
HE'LL WANT TO CREATE
MORE PANIC
BY DROPPING MORE BODIES.
THIS UNSUB'S GOING AFTER
THE BUSINESS COMMUNITY.
SO WHO'S NEXT?
MAN: WE'RE SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS.
WOMAN: THEY BOTH WORKED SO HARD.
SECOND WOMAN: THAT PLACE
KILLED THEM, KILLED THEM BOTH.
OH, I MISS THE BREAKFAST
BURRITO AT JENKIN'S.
I COULD MARRY THAT BURRITO.
YEAH, IT'S ONE OF
THE BEST.
YOU OK?
I DON'T KNOW
IF I CAN DO IT.
I CAN'T READ
MY IMPACT STATEMENT.
YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO DO IT.
ME
LOOK, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M GONNA DO
WHEN I SEE JESSE WILSON
JUST SITTING A FEW FEET
AWAY FROM ME.
WHY DOESN'T EDDIE DO IT,
OR MANNY OR RAFE?
THEY'RE NOT COMING.
THEY DON'T WANT TO BE
IN THE SAME ROOM WITH HIM.
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M A REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE FBI.
THE PAROLE BOARD
WILL THINK MY WORDS
HOLD A LOT OF WEIGHT.
THAT'S WHAT WE WANT,
ISN'T IT?
PLEASE. THEY'RE GONNA
SOUND SO MUCH BETTER
COMING FROM YOU,
AND I'M JUST NOT GOOD
AT TALKING
IN FRONT OF PEOPLE.
OK.
SHOW ME WHAT
YOU WERE GONNA SAY.
I'LL PRACTICE.
THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW,
AFTER ALL THESE YEARS,
I STILL FIND MYSELF
TURNING IT OVER IN MY HEAD.
WHAT WERE OUR PARENTS
DOING OUT SO LATE
THAT NIGHT, ANYWAY?
WHERE WERE THEY GOING?
IT WASN'T
EVEN MY FAULT.
THE CAR CAME OUT
OF NOWHERE.
THAT'S HIM, ISN'T IT?
I GOTTA GO.
THERE'S SOMETHING
I HAVE TO DO.
OK, SURE. WHERE YOU GOING?
I'LL TAKE YOU.
NO, THAT'S OK.
I'LL EXPLAIN LATER.
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU,
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
I'M PENELOPE GARCIA.
JESSE.
THAT NIGHT OUTSIDE
THE POLICE STATION,
I WAS DRUNK,
BUT I REMEMBER YOU.
YOUR SISTER CALLED ME.
I TOLD COLETTE
NOT TO.
SHE ASKED YOU TO
COME, DIDN'T SHE?
NO. I CAME HERE
BECAUSE I WANTED TO.
BECAUSE I WANT
TO TELL YOU TO YOUR FACE
I'M GOING TO YOUR
HEARING TODAY
AND I'M TELLING THEM
YOU NEED TO STAY IN PRISON
BECAUSE OF WHAT YOU DID,
BECAUSE OF WHAT YOU TOOK
FROM MY FAMILY.
I KNOW.
NO. NO,
YOU DON'T KNOW.
YOU DON'T--YOU HAVE ZERO
CLUE ABOUT WHAT YOU DID.
THERE IS A HOLE
INSIDE OF ME
THAT NOTHING CAN EVER FILL
BECAUSE OF THAT NIGHT,
AND YOU'VE BEEN LEAVING
FLOWERS ON MY PARENTS' GRAVE.
THAT IS THE GRAVE
YOU PUT THEM IN.
LIKE ANYTHING YOU COULD DO
COULD MAKE ANY OF THIS
A LITTLE BIT BETTER.
Y--YOU CAN'T.
NO.
I CAN NEVER MAKE UP
FOR WHAT I DID.
I SUPPOSE IT'S MY GUILT
THAT MAKES ME SEND THEM.
I MADE A MISTAKE THAT NIGHT
BECAUSE I WAS STUPID.
EVERYBODY MAKES
MISTAKES, BUT...
NOT LIKE THAT.
I DESERVE TO BE
WHERE I AM,
AND THIS PLACE
MAKES IT HARD
TO FORGET THAT.
PRISON BARS ARE
THE LAST THING I SEE
BEFORE I CLOSE
MY EYES AT NIGHT
AND THE FIRST THING
I SEE WHEN I OPEN THEM.
SO THIS IS THE PART
WHERE YOU SAY
PRISON HAS MADE YOU
A BETTER MAN
AND ALL YOU NEED
IS A CHANCE TO PROVE IT?
NO. THE ONLY THING
I WANT IS A CHANCE TO
GO BACK TO THAT NIGHT,
TO MAKE A BETTER CHOICE.
WE HAVE THAT IN COMMON.
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
YOU DIDN'T DO
ANYTHING WRONG.
IT'S MY FAULT.
AND I KNOW THAT
THIS DOESN'T BRING
YOUR PARENTS BACK,
AND IT PROBABLY
WON'T GIVE YOU
ANY COMFORT, BUT...
I'M TRULY SORRY.
P.A.: ATTENTION, PLEASE.
VISITING HOURS ARE NOW OVER.
INMATES, RETURN TO YOUR CELLS.
I WON'T SEND
THE FLOWERS ANYMORE.
OK, SO THESE ARE ALL
THE BUSINESS LOAN
APPLICATIONS
THAT SERENA HANDLED
OVER THE LAST 6 MONTHS.
AND THOSE ARE
THE 90 LOANS
SHE APPROVED,
AND THESE ARE THE 30
APPLICATIONS SHE REJECT ED.
SIMMONS: WELL, DID THE BANK
SEND ELECTRONIC FILES, TOO?
YEAH. I THOUGHT ABOUT
CALLING GARCIA,
BUT I KNOW THAT
SHE'S GOT A BIG DAY TODAY
WITH THE PAROLE HEARING.
WELL, IT MAY TAKE THE THREE
OF US TO EQUAL ONE GARCIA,
BUT LET'S DO OUR OWN
DIGITAL DIG.
WELL, I'M NOT SEEING
ANY RESTAURANTS,
DINERS, OR CAFES
IN THE LOAN APPLICATIONS
DENIED BY SERENA.
SO, NOW WHAT?
JJ: OK, UH, WELL, ROSSI
THOUGHT THAT AN OLDER,
ESTABLISHED PLACE
MIGHT FEEL LIKE THEY
WERE BEING PUSHED OUT
BY NEWCOMERS.
YEAH. AN OLDER PLACE
MIGHT HAVE LOST ITS LEASE
OR BEEN FORECLOSED ON,
BUT SERENA DIDN'T
HANDLE FORECLOSURES.
WELL, WE CAN TRY SEARCHING
FOR BUSINESS FORECLOSURES
IN ARLINGTON
OVER THE LAST 6 MONTHS.
OK, I'VE GOT
29 FORECLOSURES.
ANY RESTAURANTS?
UH...
YEAH. 12.
OK, AND ONE
WAS FORECLOSED ON
AFTER NEARLY 30 YEARS
IN BUSINESS.
LOOKS LIKE IT WAS A MOM
AND POP-TYPE RESTAURANT
CALLED HENSHAW'S.
SIMMONS: HARRISON
AND MAUREEN HENSHAW
WERE THE OWNERS.
THEIR SON MARK
WORKED THERE AS WELL.
MOM AND DAD SEEMED LIKE
GOOD PEOPLE.
REALLY CARED ABOUT
THEIR CUSTOMERS,
AND THEY ALWAYS HAD
A HOT MEAL
FOR ANYONE
DOWN ON THEIR LUCK.
THEY EVEN PERSONALLY
DELIVERED SOUP
TO SICK PATRONS.
SIMMONS: WHERE ARE
THE HENSHAWS NOW?
OK, MOM, MAUREEN, DIED.
SHE HAD A STROKE LAST YEAR,
AND TWO WEEKS AGO,
DAD SUFFERED
A FATAL HEART ATTACK.
ALVEZ: NOW, MARK'S HAND
WAS BADLY BURNED
IN A KITCHEN ACCIDENT
AT THE RESTAURANT.
HENSHAW'S RESTAURANT
MAY BE OUT OF BUSINESS,
BUT MARK'S STILL BUYING
RAT POISON.
THE FORECLOSURE
ON THE FAMILY BUSINESS
AND HIS FATHER'S
RECENT DEATH,
I MEAN, THAT MUST HAVE
TRIGGERED THE KILLINGS.
JJ: AND MARK PROBABLY
FELT BETRAYED
WHEN CUSTOMERS STOPPED
GOING TO HIS PARENTS'
RESTAURANT
AND STARTED GOING
TO THE NEW PLACES IN TOWN.
IS IT POSSIBLE
CLAYTON OSBORNE
ATE AT HENSHAW'S?
UH...
HE DID.
HE WROTE A NEGATIVE REVIEW
THAT WENT VIRAL.
ALL RIGHT.
I GOT AN ADDRESS
FOR MARK HENSHAW.
FBI!
CLEAR.
GUYS, I'VE GOT SOMETHING.
THE HOUSE IS CLEAR.
ALVEZ: TAKE A LOOK AT THIS.
HE'S PLANNING
SOMETHING BIG.
THIS COULD BE
HIS ENDGAME.
ALL RIGHT, PEOPLE, LISTEN UP!
I DON'T KNOW ALL
YOUR NAMES AND FACES,
BUT I'LL LEARN 'EM.
WE GOT A LOT OF HUNGRY FOLKS
ABOUT TO COME THROUGH
THOSE DOORS,
SO I NEED YOU TO BRING
YOUR A-GAME TODAY.
AND, REMEMBER,
A HAPPY CUSTOMER
IS A RETURNING CUSTOMER.
LET'S GO!
THERE HAVE GOT TO BE
THOUSANDS OF PLACES
TO EAT IN ARLINGTON,
SO WHICH ONE
IS MARK HENSHAW
PLANNING TO TARGET?
HENSHAW'S RESTAURANT
WAS IN A PRIME LOCATION.
WHAT'S THERE NOW?
OK, A NEW RESTAURANT,
AN ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT PLACE
CALLED
THE GOOD EATIN' BUFFET.
WAIT A MINUTE.
I REMEMBER THAT NAME.
SERENA LOGAN APPROVED
THEIR NEW BUSINESS LOAN.
ALL RIGHT.
THE HENSHAWS' ORIGINAL
SPACE WAS EXPANDED.
IT NOW SEATS 200,
AND THE GRAND OPENING
IS TODAY AT NOON.
THAT'S IN 10 MINUTES.
WE NEED TO GET MEDICAL
PERSONNEL THERE RIGHT NOW.
HEY. THEY NEED YOU OVER
AT THE DESSERT STATION.
BUT I WAS TOLD
TO DO SALADS.
YOU WANT TO ASK
THE BOSS?
NO. THAT'S OK.
PRENTISS: JJ, MATT, TAKE
THE BACK. ALVEZ, YOU'RE WITH US.
IT HELPS KEEP THE FOOD FRESH.
MAN: MAN, I LOVE
THIS PLACE.
THE STUFF LOOKS GOOD, RIGHT?
ROSSI: FBI! EVERYONE STOP
WHAT YOU'RE DOING
WE NEED YOU ALL TO GO
OUTSIDE WITH US RIGHT NOW!
MANAGER: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
PRENTISS: WE NEED TO SHUT
EVERYTHING DOWN.
THE FOOD'S BEEN POISONED.
MAN: POISONED?!
LUKE, THERE.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER
IN NEXT ROOM]
ALVEZ: MARK HENSHAW,
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
COMMISSIONER:
MS. GARCIA, WE UNDERSTAND
YOU'D LIKE TO MAKE
A STATEMENT FOR THE RECORD.
GO GET 'EM, SIS.
HELLO. MY NAME
IS PENELOPE GARCIA.
I'M A TECHNICAL ANALYST
AT THE FBI.
THANK YOU FOR GIVING ME
THE OPPORTUNITY
TO SPEAK IN FRONT
OF YOU TODAY.
I WANT THE FULL IMPACT
OF JESSE WILSON'S CRIME
TO BE BROUGHT
TO YOUR ATTENTION.
WHEN I WAS 18,
MY MOTHER AND STEPFATHER,
BARBARA AND EMILIO GARCIA,
WERE KILLED BY MR. WILSON'S
CARELESS AND SELFISH DEEDS.
IT WAS THE WORST DAY
OF MY FAMILY'S LIFE.
OF MY LIFE.
AND WE WILL NEVER
STOP MISSING THEM.
BUT...
MOURNING THE LIVES
THAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN
WON'T BRING THEM BACK.
AND NEITHER WILL KEEPING
JESSE WILSON BEHIND BARS.
CARLOS: PENELOPE,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
COMMISSIONER: QUIET, PLEASE,
OR YOU'LL BE REMOVED.
EVER SINCE THAT NIGHT,
I'VE HAD THIS CLOUD OF...
RAGE AND PAIN AND GUILT,
AND I COULDN'T BEAR IT,
AND I NEEDED A PLACE
TO FOCUS IT,
AND I FOCUSED
THAT WHOLE CLOUD ON JESSE.
I NEEDED TO DEMONIZE YOU.
I'M SO SCARED TO SEE YOU
AS A REAL PERSON,
BECAUSE IF YOU'RE NOT
THE MONSTER IN PRISON,
THEN WHO DO I HAVE TO BLAME?
MY PARENTS TAUGHT US
THAT A BIG PART OF LOVE
IS FORGIVENESS.
JESSE HAS TOLD ME HE'S SORRY
FOR WHAT HE'S DONE,
AND I DO BELIEVE HIM.
I WILL NEVER FORGET THE PAST.
BUT MOVING ON
IS IMPORTANT, TOO.
IT IS, AND...
AND THAT'S WHY I AM
HERE BEFORE YOU TODAY,
ASKING THAT THE BOARD
FORGIVE JESSE,
AS I HAVE,
AND GRANT HIM PAROLE.
THANK YOU.
WE'LL NOW RECESS
FOR DELIBERATION.
CARLOS.
THANK YOU.
CARLOS, WAIT.
CARLOS, YOU KNOW
THIS IS WHAT MOM AND DAD
WOULD HAVE WANTED.
NO!
YES.
OK, LOOK, THAT NIGHT...
THE REASON WHY THEY
WERE OUT THAT NIGHT...
DRIVING SO LATE...
IS BECAUSE OF ME.
I MISSED MY CURFEW.
THEY WENT OUT LOOKING.
THEY LEFT ME A NOTE, BUT...
NONE OF THIS
WOULD HAVE HAPPENED
IF IT WASN'T
FOR MY BAD CHOICES.
CARLOS, TALK TO ME.
TALK TO YOU? I CAN'T
EVEN LOOK AT YOU.
ALVEZ: DOES ANYONE KNOW
HOW GARCIA MADE OUT
AT THE PAROLE BOARD HEARING.
YEAH. SHE CALLED.
IT SEEMS SHE
PETITIONED THE BOARD
TO RELEASE JESSE WILSON.
SIMMONS: I WONDER WHAT
CHANGED HER MIND.
FORGIVENESS.
ROSSI: THAT SOUNDS LIKE
THE PENELOPE
WE ALL KNOW AND LOVE.
JJ: ABSOLUTELY.
SO, WE'LL SEE HER TOMORROW.
PRENTISS:
NO. SHE ASKED
FOR ANOTHER DAY.
SHE SAID THERE
WAS SOMETHING SHE
NEEDED TO DO.
HI, MOM.
HI, POP.
MOM, I BROUGHT
YOUR FAVORITE FLOWERS.
I'M SURE YOU'RE BOTH WONDERING
WHY YOU HAVEN'T SEEN ME
IN A WHILE.
WHO ARE WE KIDDING?
I'VE NEVER COME HERE
TO VISIT YOU.
THE NIGHT THAT YOU DIED,
I SAW THAT NOTE
YOU LEFT ME,
AND I KNEW THAT YOU
WERE DISAPPOINTED IN ME,
AND I KNEW
I WAS IN REALLY BIG TROUBLE.
AND I...
I WISHED THAT
YOU DIDN'T COME HOME.
AND THEN YOU DIDN'T COME HOME.
AND IT WAS LIKE
THAT AWFUL WISH
MADE IT HAPPEN.
AND I AM SO ASHAMED
THAT I DID THAT.
I DO FEEL LIKE
I LIVE MY LIFE IN A WAY NOW
THAT YOU WOULD BE
REALLY PROUD OF ME.
I HOPE YOU'RE REALLY
PROUD OF ME.
I MADE A CHOICE YESTERDAY
THAT I THINK
WAS REALLY GOOD.
BUT I MESSED THINGS UP
PRETTY BAD WITH CARLOS.
BUT IT WAS A GOOD CHOICE,
AND, UM...
AND I KNOW HOW
TO MAKE THINGS BETTER.
I'M GOOD AT MAKING
THINGS BETTER.
I JUST NEED A LITTLE TIME.
I'LL MAKE THINGS
BETTER WITH HIM.
I THOUGHT SINCE
IT WAS SUCH A GLORIOUS DAY
THAT WE WOULD HAVE A PICNIC.
I'M THINKING ABOUT DOING
A TECHNOLOGY FAST...
GARCIA, VOICE-OVER:
"FORGIVENESS IS THE FRAGRANCE
"THAT THE VIOLET SHEDS
ON THE HEEL
THAT HAS CRUSHED IT."
MARK TWAIN.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
ABC STUDIOS, LLC AND CBS, INC.